A table handler for spreadsheet files (.xlsx).

General information on table handlers and data correspondence between AMPL and 
an external table is available at chapter 10 of the AMPL book:

    https://ampl.com/learn/ampl-book/

The available options for amplxl are:

2D
    Keyword to to specify that data indexed over two sets will be represented in
    a two-dimensional table, with keys from one set labeling the rows, and keys
    from the other set labeling the columns.

    Example:
        table foo IN "amplxl" "2D": [keycol1, keycol2], valcol;

alias:
    Instead of writing the data to a specific .xlsx file it is possible to
    define an alias. In the following example the table handler will search for
    the file bar.xlsx to write the data. If the file does not exist it will be
    created.

    Example:
        table foo OUT "amplxl" "bar": [A], B;

backup=option
    Whether or not to backup the existing .xlsx file before writing to it.
    The backup will create a file with the same name as the provided .xlsx file
    but with an .amplback extension. To use the backup file rename the .amplback
    extension to .xlsx.
    Options: true (default), false.

    Example:
        table foo OUT "amplxl" "backup=false": [keycol1, keycol2], valcol;

external-table-spec:
    Specifies the path to the .xlsx file to be read or written with the read 
    table and write table commands. If no file is specified, amplxl will search
    for a file with the table name and the .xlsx file extension in the current
    directory. If the table is to be written and the file does not exist it will
    be created.

    Example:
        table foo OUT "amplxl" "bar.xlsx": [keycol], valcol;

verbose:
    Display warnings during the execution of the read table and write table
    commands.

    Example:
        table foo OUT "amplxl" "verbose": [keycol], valcol;

verbose=option:
    Display information according to the specified option. Available options:
        0 (default) - display information only on error,
        1 - display warnings,
        2 - display general information
        3 - display debug information.

    Example:
        table foo OUT "amplxl" "verbose=2": [keycol], valcol;

write=option
    Define how the data is written in OUT mode. Available options:
        delete (default) - deletes all the rows of the current table (if it
            exists) before writing the data from AMPL.
        append - append the rows in AMPL to the external representation of the
            table.
